Docs Reorg (#53)
waku-org/waku.guide: docs/community.md

---
title: Join Our Community
---

Welcome to the Waku Community! Whether you're interested in building with Waku, contributing to the network, expanding your knowledge, or staying up-to-date with our progress, we have something for everyone.

> ## [Vac Forum](https://forum.vac.dev/)

Reviewer: I'd have this one last.

> Have you got questions, or are you eager to discuss Waku? Head to the [Vac Forum](https://forum.vac.dev/) and join the conversation!

Reviewer: This is more for research related and other in-depth discussions.

> ## [Discord](https://discord.gg/Nrac59MfSX)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Discord](https://discord.waku.org)
```

> Connect with like-minded individuals in the Waku ecosystem! Introduce yourself, join developer conversations, or seek assistance. Join the [Waku Discord](https://discord.gg/Nrac59MfSX) today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect with like-minded individuals in the Waku ecosystem! Introduce yourself, join developer conversations, or seek assistance. Join the [Waku Discord](https://discord.waku.org) today!
```
